
Africa

  * Algeria
  * South Africa and Sub-Saharan Africa
  * Tunisia

Asia Pacific

  * Australia
  * China
  * Hong Kong
  * Japan
  * Korea
  * Malaysia
  * New Zealand
  * Singapore
  * Taiwan

Europe

  * Austria
  * Belgium FR | NL
  * Bosnia & Herzegovina
  * Bulgaria
  * Croatia
  * Czech Republic
  * Denmark
  * Finland
  * France
  * Germany
  * Greece
  * Hungary
  * Ireland
  * Italy
  * Netherlands
  * Norway
  * Poland
  * Portugal
  * Romania
  * Russia
  * Serbia
  * Slovakia
  * Slovenia
  * Spain
  * Sweden
  * Switzerland DE | FR
  * Turkey
  * Ukraine
  * United Kingdom

Latin America / Caribbean

  * Mexico
  * Puerto Rico

Middle East

  * Israel
  * Lebanon
  * Saudi Arabia
  * UAE

North America

  * Canada EN | FR
  * United States

South America

  * Argentina
  * Brazil
  * Colombia
  * Uruguay
Global • EN
  * Investors
  * News Center
  * Patients
Menu
  * Our Company
      + Explore Our Company
      + About AbbVie
      + Strategy
      + At A Glance
      + Leadership
      + Ethics & Compliance
          o Explore Ethics & Compliance
          o Ethics & Compliance Program
          o AbbVie Code of Business Conduct
          o Physician & Other Payments
      + Policies & Disclosures
          o Explore Policies & Disclosures
          o Protecting Data
      + Positions & Views
      + All Stories
  * Our Science
      + Explore Our Science
      + Therapeutic Focus Areas
          o Explore Therapeutic Focus Areas
          o Immunology
          o Oncology
          o Neuroscience
          o Virology
          o General Medicine
      + Technologies & Platforms
      + Pipeline
      + Clinical Trials
          o Explore Clinical Trials
          o Conduct of Clinical Trials & Postmarketing Commitments
          o Clinical Trials Data & Information Sharing
      + Products
      + Innovation In Action
      + Our Science Stories
  * Responsibility
      + Explore Responsibility
      + Patient Health & Well-Being
          o Explore Patient Health & Well-Being
          o Research for Better Outcomes
          o Ethics, Safety and Quality
          o Patient, Family and Caregiver Well-Being
          o Making Medicines Accessible
      + Supporting our Workforce
          o Explore Supporting our Workforce
          o Diversity & Development
          o Human Rights and Workplace Safety
          o Employee Well-Being
      + Communities & Environment
          o Explore Communities & Environment
          o Health for the Underserved
          o Long-Term Community Strength
          o Environmental Sustainability
          o Going Beyond: Meaningful Impact
      + AbbVie Foundation
          o Explore AbbVie Foundation
          o Ways We Help
          o Focus
          o Foundation Partners
      + AbbVie Grants
          o Explore AbbVie Grants
          o How to Apply
          o Request Types
          o Requestor Training Guides
          o Grants and Contributions Disclosures
      + Responsibility Stories
  * Careers
      + Explore Careers
      + Benefits
      + Equality, Diversity & Inclusion
          o Explore Equality, Diversity & Inclusion
          o Employee Resource Groups
      + Roles
          o Explore Roles
          o Corporate
          o Research & Development
          o Operations
          o Commercial
          o Business Technology Solutions
          o U.S. Student Opportunities
          o U.S. Professional Programs
      + AbbVie Around the World
      + Our People Stories
  * Partnerships
      + Explore Partnerships
      + Our Approach
      + Areas of Interest
      + AbbVie Ventures
          o Explore AbbVie Ventures
          o Team
          o Portfolio
      + Additional Collaboration Opportunities
          o Explore Additional Collaboration Opportunities
          o Open Innovation Program
          o Investigator-Initiated Studies (IIS)
          o Contract Manufacturing
      + Investors
      + News Center
      + Patients
Toggle Ancillary Navigation
Close Search
Type in your search...
Toggle Ancillary Navigation

Privacy Notice


Effective Date: 5/25/2018


This Online Privacy Notice (“Privacy Notice”) explains how AbbVie Inc., 1 North Waukegan Rd, North Chicago, IL 60064 (“AbbVie”) handles personal information provided to us on websites, mobile sites, mobile applications, and other services and products controlled by AbbVie that link to this Privacy Notice (collectively, “AbbVie Services”).


Information We Collect

How We Use Your Information


When We Share Your Information


Your Privacy Choices


Data Security


Accessing Our Sites Globally


Changes to Our Privacy Notice


Information We Collect


The types of personal information that we may collect and receive while you use the AbbVie Services are described in this section and include both information that you provide to us and information that we collect automatically when you use the AbbVie Services.


For purposes of this Privacy Notice, “Personal Information”
means information that identifies you or that could reasonably be used to identify you. Examples of Personal Information include name, address, telephone number, and email address. When this information is combined with any information on health or medical status, we refer to the resulting information as “health-related information.” We collect your health-related information on the AbbVie Services only with your consent or if required by law.


Information You Provide


You do not have to register for a service or program to receive much of the information available through AbbVie Services. However, some of our content is available only to registered or identified users and will require you to set up a profile or provide specific information about yourself in order to provide you the service.

Personal Information You Submit During Registration or in Response to Questionnaires


AbbVie collects Personal Information that you provide on AbbVie Services, for example, through an enrollment form in order to register for AbbVie programs and services, to receive marketing products and information, contact AbbVie customer service, or respond to AbbVie questionnaires or surveys. This could include:

  * Name
  * Contact Information such as your address, phone number, or email address
  * Registration Information such as your username and password
  * Health-related , insurance and demographic information subject to your consent, in the context of a patient support program, survey or questionnaire
  * Income and demographic information when you request financial assistance for one of our products
  * Remuneration information when you provide a service to AbbVie in your capacity as a healthcare professional
  * Employment, education and other background information when you inquire about employment with AbbVie
  * Professional, clinical practice and educational background when you participate in an AbbVie sponsored program, research or survey in your capacity as a healthcare professional
  * Personal Information You Submit During Other Interactions with AbbVie

You may contact AbbVie to ask questions, discuss your concerns, or report issues regarding our products. If you communicate with or request information from AbbVie, you may be prompted to provide your contact information as well as any health-related and/or personal information that is relevant to your request.


Information That May Be Collected Automatically


When you use the AbbVie Services, we also may collect certain usage and device information automatically as described below.


IP Address


We may record the Internet Protocol (“IP”) address of your computer or other electronic device when you visit the AbbVie Services. An IP address identifies the electronic device you use to access the Sites, which allows us to maintain communication with your computer as you move about AbbVie Services and to customize content.


Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies


We also collect information about your use of AbbVie Services through tracking technologies such as cookies and web beacons. A “cookie” is a unique numeric code that is transferred to your computer to track your interests and preferences and to recognize you as a return visitor. A “Web beacon” is a transparent graphic image placed on a Web site, e-mail or advertisement that enables the monitoring of things such as user activity and site traffic. These technologies help remember your preferences and allow us to bring you the content and features that are likely to be of greatest interest to you on the basis of “clickstream” data that shows your previous activities on AbbVie Services.


For site analytics tracking, we use Google Analytics. If you do not want your data used by Google Analytics, you can install the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on at the Google Analytics opt-out page.


To learn more about cookies and other tracking technologies, including how to disable them, please visit http://www.allaboutcookies.org/. Please note that some cookies are essential to the functioning of our websites and deleting or disabling them will reduce the site’s functionality.


Mobile Tracking


Some AbbVie Services are available either as mobile applications or mobile sites that you can use on your mobile device. If you use a mobile device to access and use the AbbVie Services, we may collect the following mobile-specific information in addition to the other information described above: device or advertising ID, device type, hardware type, media access control (“MAC”) address, international mobile equipment identity (“IMEI”), the version of your mobile operating system, the platform used to access or download the AbbVie Site (e.g., Apple, Google, Amazon, Windows), location information and usage information about your device and your use of the AbbVie Services.


Information Collected from Other Sources


We may combine information about you from a visit to one AbbVie Site with information about you from visits to other AbbVie Services. We may also combine information about you that is collected through the AbbVie Services with information that we have collected offline, as well as with information provided to us by third parties.


How We Use Your Information


We use your Personal Information to provide you the services you request, communicate with you, improve your experience on the AbbVie Services, generally improve our products and services and for other internal business purposes, as described in more detail below.


Providing Programs and Services You Request


If you choose to register for one of our services, we use the Personal Information that you provide through AbbVie Services to respond to your questions, provide you the services you request and offer an optimal customer experience, to perform our contractual obligations and/or on the basis of your consent.


Marketing


You may also choose to receive marketing information from AbbVie, such as offers regarding AbbVie’s products or services, invitations to participate in surveys about our products, or notifications about special promotions. In such cases, we will use your contact and other Personal Information to send you marketing information. Instructions on how you can opt-out from marketing communications are included in each marketing communication you receive. You can also email us at privacyoffice@abbvie.com. You can opt-out at any time.


Customized User Experiences


The Personal Information that you provide may be used to
create customized offers, information, or services tailored to your interests and preferences. Also, we may use your IP address and the data that we obtain automatically through the use of cookies or similar tracking technologies to make our AbbVie Services easier to use and navigate as well as to personalize the content provided on AbbVie Services by anticipating the information and services that may be of interest to you. In some cases, we collect this information pursuant to your consent. In other cases, we collect this information for our legitimate business interest to optimize and customize user experiences.


Business and Product Improvement


In order to discover new facts that could help AbbVie better understand customer needs and help improve, develop, and evaluate product services, materials, programs, and treatments, AbbVie analyzes the information that you have provided for its legitimate interests in business and product improvement.

Site Analytics and Improvement


We may use the information that you provide and the information we collect automatically about your use of the AbbVie Services to monitor user traffic patterns and preferences for our legitimate business interests of improvement, analytics and optimization of the AbbVie Services.

Data Use and Retention


We will only keep Personal Data as long as necessary for the fulfillment of the purposes outlined above, except if otherwise required by applicable laws or legal orders.

WHEN WE SHARE YOUR INFORMATION WITH THIRD PARTIES


We only share your Personal Information with third parties as described below. We do not sell or rent Personal Information to third parties for their own marketing purposes.

Third-Party Advertising and Online Behavioral Advertising


You may be provided with online advertisements of AbbVie products and services on third-party websites and mobile services that are tailored to you, for example, on the basis of information that you provide to AbbVie or a third-party website you are visiting, or of your browsing activity, purchases, or interests. These types of tailored online advertisements may come through several sources, such as the following:


We may share with our advertising service providers your non-identifying information that we have obtained from cookies and other tracking technologies on our AbbVie Services.


Some AbbVie Services participate in online behavioral advertising (this is also sometimes called re-target advertising or interest-based advertising). You can identify these sites by the “Advertising Choices” link in the footer. Our advertising network partners may place and use cookies on AbbVie websites and on other third-party sites to collect information about your activities in order to provide you with online advertisements that are based on your interests. When an AbbVie online behavioral advertisement is delivered to you, you will see an “Ad Choices” icon. Clicking on the icon or link will take you to a Web site where you can manage or opt out of the use of data about your browsing history that is used for the delivery of online behavioral advertisements. If you opt out, you may still see advertisements online, including advertisements from AbbVie that are based on other information (e.g., based on the content of the page being viewed rather than your prior clickstream activity). In some cases, data may still be collected about your browsing activity by these third-party advertisers, but they will not use this data to deliver advertisements that are based on your past online browsing behavior. You can also opt out now by clicking here.


Some Web browsers may transmit “do-not-track” signals to Web
Services with which the browser communicates. As of the Effective Date of this Privacy Notice, an industry standard has not yet been established on how to respond to these signals. Therefore, AbbVie does not currently respond to these signals. As discussed above, you can opt-out from advertisers that use your browsing history to deliver online behavioral advertisements by visiting adchoices.


Affiliates, Vendors and Suppliers


We have relationships with various vendors and suppliers, including our affiliated companies, who help us operate our business and for whom it may be necessary to have access to your Personal Information in the course of providing services to AbbVie. We will not authorize these parties to use your Personal Information for any purpose that is not related to AbbVie’s business operation, and we require them to handle your Personal Information collected through the AbbVie Services in accordance with appropriate contractual privacy and security provisions and this Privacy Notice.


Co-branded Services


We may partner with other companies to provide you with content or services on a joint or “co-branded” basis. At a co‑branded site, you will see both the AbbVie logo and the logo of the co-branding partner displayed on your screen. To access the services available on a co-branded site, you may have to complete a new online registration form, and this registration information may be shared with AbbVie’s co-branding partners. You should read the individual privacy policies of our co-branding partners, as they may differ in some respects from ours. Reading these policies will help you to make an informed decision about whether to provide your information to a given site.


Product Reports


If you contact AbbVie regarding your experience in using one of our products, we may use the information that you provide in submitting reports to the US Food and Drug Administration and as otherwise required of us by law. We also may use the information to contact the prescribing physician to follow up regarding an unexpected event involving the use of our product.


Legal Rights and Obligations


In certain limited circumstances, AbbVie may need to disclose your Personal Information in order to comply with a legal obligation or demand, such as to comply with reporting obligations to our governing regulatory authorities regarding the safety of our pharmaceutical products, or in connection with the sale or transfer of one of our product lines or divisions, which includes the services provided through one or more of the AbbVie Services. In such instances, we will take measures to protect your Personal Information to the extent possible. We also reserve the right to use Personal Information to investigate and prosecute users who violate our rules or who engage in behavior that is illegal or harmful to others or to others’ property.


Privacy Of Children


AbbVie does not knowingly collect or use any personal information directly from children (we define “children” as minors younger than 13) on AbbVie Services. We do not knowingly allow children to order our products, to communicate with us, or to use any of our online services. If you are a parent and become aware that your child has provided us with information, please contact us using one of the methods specified below, and we will work with you to address this issue.

Your Privacy Choices


You may contact us at any time if you have questions about this Privacy Notice or the Personal Information we collect about you. You can also opt-out or unsubscribe from any of our programs or services.


Please contact us by clicking on the “Contact Us” link, by using the AbbVie contact information on the AbbVie mobile application, or by emailing us at privacyoffice@abbvie.com. Alternatively, you may send a letter to the following address:


AbbVie Customer Service
Attn: Privacy
Department 36M
1 N. Waukegan Road
North Chicago, IL 60064-6163


In all communications to AbbVie, please include the email address used for registration (if applicable), the Web site address, mobile application, or the specific AbbVie program to which you provided Personal Information (e.g., AbbVie.com), and a detailed explanation of your request. If you would like to delete, amend, or correct your Personal Information and are contacting us by email, please put “Deletion Request” or “Amendment/Correction Request” in the subject line of the email. We will respond to all reasonable requests in a timely manner and may need to further confirm your identity in order to process certain requests.


For EU Residents, under applicable data protection law, you
may be entitled to request access to and/or rectify, block, or delete your Personal Data, transmission to another controller, withdraw your consent at any time (this does not affect the lawfulness of previous data processing activities), or object to any use of Personal Data. If AbbVie will not be able to provide the requested information or make the change you request, you will be provided with reasons for such decision. Under local law you are also entitled to lodge a complaint with your local data protection authority. Please submit your privacy inquiries here.


Alternatively, you may send a letter to Knollstraße, 67061
Ludwigshafen, Germany (attention: EU DPO).


Data Security


AbbVie maintains reasonable technical, administrative and physical controls to secure any Personal Information collected through the AbbVie Services. However, there is always some risk that an unauthorized third party could intercept an Internet transmission, or that someone will find a way to thwart our security systems. We urge you to exercise caution when transmitting Personal Information over the Internet, especially your health-related information. AbbVie cannot guarantee that unauthorized third parties will not gain access to your Personal Information; therefore, when submitting Personal Information to AbbVie Services, you must weigh both the benefits and the risks.

Links to Third Party Sites and Social Media Plug-ins


This Privacy Notice does not apply to AbbVie Services that do not link to this Privacy Notice, or to third-party Web sites to which AbbVie Services may link. AbbVie Services may use social media plug-ins (e.g., the Facebook “Like” button, “Share to Twitter” button) to enable you to easily share information with others. When you visit AbbVie Services, the operator of the social plug-in can place a cookie on your computer or other electronic device that enables that operator to recognize individuals who have previously visited our Site. If you are logged into the social media Web site (e.g., Facebook, Twitter) while browsing on our AbbVie Site, the social media plug-in allows that social media Web site to receive information that you have visited our AbbVie Site. The social media plug-in also allows the social media Web site to share information about your activities on our AbbVie Site with other users of their social media Web site. These sharing settings are managed by the social media Web site and governed by its privacy policy.


Accessing Our Sites Globally


This site is owned and operated by AbbVie in the United States, but the information you provide will be accessible to our affiliates, vendors, and suppliers in other countries. Furthermore, if you are visiting this site from a country other than the United States, your communication with us will necessarily result in the transfer of information across international borders. These territories that may not provide a level of protection to Personal Data equivalent to that provided by your home country. We have concluded the AbbVie Inter-affiliate Data Transfer Agreement with AbbVie Inc., which is based on the EU model contract for data transfers to controllers and covers all personal data transfers between AbbVie affiliates worldwide to ensure the adequate protection of your Personal Data. A copy can be obtained by sending an email to privacyoffice@abbvie.com. Any transfers of personal data to third parties outside the EEA will be done in compliance with the international data transfer restrictions that apply under EU data protection laws, including, where appropriate, through the use of EU model contracts for data transfers to processors.

Changes to Our Privacy Notice


We will only use Personal Information in the manner described in the Privacy Notice in effect when the information was collected from you or as authorized by you. However, and subject to any applicable consent requirements, we reserve the right to change the terms of this Privacy Notice at any time. Any changes to this Privacy Notice will be reflected on this page with a new effective date. AbbVie encourages you to review this Privacy Notice regularly for any changes. Any Personal Information collected upon your continued use of AbbVie Services will be handled in accordance with the currently-posted Privacy Notice.


Check this Privacy Notice regularly, as we may change or update portions of this Privacy Notice from time to time, subject to any applicable consent requirements. Any changes will be promptly posted to this page and accompanied by a new effective date at the top of this page.


Other countries:


Algeria Privacy Policy
Belarus Privacy Policy
Chile Privacy Policy
Egypt Privacy Policy (LLC|Ltd.)
Estonia Privacy Policy
Kazakhstan Privacy Policy
Latvia Privacy Policy
Lebanon Privacy Policy
Lithuania Privacy Policy
Morocco Privacy Policy
Romania Privacy Policy
Saudi Arabia Privacy Policy
South Africa Privacy Policy
Tunisia Privacy Policy
United Arab Emirates Privacy Policy

  * Stories
  * Suppliers
  * Contact
  * Medical Information
  * Site Map
  * Privacy Policy
  * Terms of Use

Copyright © 2019 AbbVie Inc. North Chicago, Illinois, U.S.A.


Unless otherwise specified, all product names appearing in this internet site are trademarks owned by or licensed to AbbVie Inc., its subsidiaries or affiliates. No use of any AbbVie trademark, trade name, or trade dress in this site may be made without the prior written authorization of AbbVie Inc., except to identify the product or services of the company.

This site uses cookies to personalize content, save your preferences and track the site’s performance. Learn more, including how to disable certain cookies on our Privacy Page. Click OK to continue.

OK
×

You are about to leave the AbbVie website


The product-specific site Internet site that you have requested is intended for the residents of a particular country or countries, as noted on that site. As a result, the site may contain information on pharmaceuticals that are not approved in other countries or region. If you are a resident of a country other than those to which the site is directed, please return to AbbVie.com or contact your local AbbVie affiliate to obtain the appropriate product information for your country of residence. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to continue to this product-specific site?


Yes


I agree


No


I disagree

×

You are about to leave for a 3rd party website


The link below will take you out of the AbbVie family of websites. Links which take you out of the AbbVie worldwide websites are not under the control of AbbVie, and AbbVie is not responsible for the contents of any such site or any further links from such site. AbbVie is providing these links to you only as a convenience and the inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement of the linked site by AbbVie. The Internet site that you have requested may not be optimized to your screen size. Do you wish to leave this site?


Yes


Accept


Default Reject Description

Learn More

Disclaimer Notice - Important


Recommended Offer for Allergan plc (“Allergan”) by AbbVie Inc. (“AbbVie”) (the “Acquisition”) by means of a scheme of arrangement under Irish law (the “Scheme”). You are attempting to enter the section of this website that is designated for the publication of documents and information in connection with the offer by AbbVie for Allergan announced on June 25, 2019 (the “Offer”). ACCESS TO THIS SECTION OF THE WEBSITE MAY BE RESTRICTED UNDER SECURITIES LAWS IN CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS. THIS NOTICE REQUIRES YOU TO CONFIRM CERTAIN MATTERS (INCLUDING THAT YOU ARE NOT RESIDENT IN SUCH A JURISDICTION), BEFORE YOU MAY OBTAIN ACCESS TO THE INFORMATION. THE INFORMATION IS NOT DIRECTED AT, AND IS NOT INTENDED TO BE ACCESSIBLE BY, PERSONS RESIDENT IN ANY JURISDICTION WHERE TO DO SO WOULD CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF THE RELEVANT LAWS OF THAT JURISDICTION. IF YOU ARE NOT PERMITTED TO VIEW THE INFORMATION, OR VIEWING THE INFORMATION WOULD RESULT IN A BREACH OF THE ABOVE, OR YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT AS TO WHETHER YOU ARE PERMITTED TO VIEW THE INFORMATION, PLEASE EXIT THIS WEBPAGE. THIS SECTION OF THE WEBSITE CONTAINS ANNOUNCEMENTS, DOCUMENTS AND INFORMATION (TOGETHER THE "INFORMATION") RELATING TO THE OFFER IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE IRISH TAKEOVER PANEL ACT, 1997, TAKEOVER RULES 2013 (THE "IRISH TAKEOVER RULES"). THE INFORMATION IS BEING MADE AVAILABLE IN GOOD FAITH AND FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY, AND ITS AVAILABILITY IS SUBJECT TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS SET OUT BELOW. THE INFORMATION IS NOT INTENDED TO, AND DOES NOT, CONSTITUTE OR FORM ANY PART OF AN OFFER TO SELL OR OTHERWISE DISPOSE OF OR AN INVITATION OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO PURCHASE OR OTHERWISE ACQUIRE ANY SECURITIES, OR THE SOLICITATION OF A VOTE OR APPROVAL PURSUANT TO THE INFORMATION OR OTHERWISE. ANY PERSON SEEKING ACCESS TO THIS SECTION OF ABBVIE’S WEBSITE REPRESENTS AND WARRANTS TO ABBVIE THAT THEY ARE DOING SO FOR INFORMATION PURPOSES ONLY. BASIS OF ACCESS TO INFORMATION Please read this notice carefully before clicking "I agree" or "I disagree" below. This notice applies to all persons who view this section of the website and, depending on where you live, it may affect your rights. This notice may be amended or updated by AbbVie from time to time and it should be read carefully in full each time you wish to view the website. In addition, the content of the website, and its accessibility by certain persons, may be amended at any time in whole or in part at the sole discretion of AbbVie. The Information speaks only at the date of the relevant document or announcement and AbbVie has, and accepts, no responsibility or duty to update any Information (other than to the extent such duty arises as a matter of law or regulation). For regulatory reasons we have to ensure you are aware of the appropriate regulations for the country which you are in. To allow you to view details relating to the Offer, you have to read the following and then press "I agree". If you are unable to agree you should press "I disagree" and you will not be able to view any such details. OVERSEAS PERSONS The Information is not for publication or distribution, directly or indirectly, in or into any jurisdiction where it would be unlawful to do so. The Information is not intended to and does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to subscribe for or buy or an invitation to purchase or subscribe for any securities or the solicitation of any votes attaching to securities which are the subject of the Offer in any jurisdiction in which such offer, solicitation or invitation is unlawful, nor shall there be any sale, issuance or transfer of securities in any jurisdiction in contravention of applicable law. In particular, the Information is not an offer of securities for sale into the United States. No offer of securities shall be made in the United States absent registration under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, such registration requirements. Any securities issued in the Acquisition are anticipated to be issued in reliance upon available exemptions from such registration requirements pursuant to Section 3(a)(10) of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Information may not be downloaded or accessed by any person from or in any jurisdiction where it would or may constitute a breach of any applicable laws or regulations. If you are not permitted to view or download the Information on the website, or viewing or downloading the Information would result in a breach of the above, or you are in any doubt as to whether you are permitted to view or download the Information, please exit this webpage by clicking on the "I disagree" box below. By clicking on the "I agree" box below, you certify that you will not forward, transmit, show or distribute (by any means including by electronic transmission) the Information to any person. In particular, you certify that you will not forward or transmit the Information either in whole or in part to any person in any jurisdiction where such distribution may be restricted by applicable law or regulation. Failure to comply with any such restrictions may constitute a violation of the laws and/or regulations of any such jurisdiction. CONFIRMATION OF UNDERSTANDING AND ACCEPTANCE OF THIS NOTICE By clicking on "I agree" below, you confirm that you have read, understood and agreed to be bound by the terms of the notice set out above and that you are not in, or a resident of, any jurisdiction where to download or view the Information would constitute a breach of securities law or regulation in that jurisdiction. If you click "I disagree" below, we will be unable to provide you with access to the Information and you will be redirected to AbbVie’s homepage. Subject to any continuing obligations under applicable law or any relevant regulatory requirements, AbbVie expressly disclaims any obligation to disseminate, after the date of the posting of any document or announcement on this webpage, any updates or revisions to any statements in such documents or announcements in relation to the Offer to reflect any change in expectations or events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based. If you are in any doubt about the contents of this section of the website or the action you should take, you should seek your own financial advice from an appropriately authorised independent financial adviser.


Accept and continue

I agree

Return to AbbVie.com Home

I disagree
×

Default Title


Default Description


Accept


Default Accept Description

Accept

Reject


Default Reject Description

Reject