
NIKE PRIVACY POLICY AND COOKIE POLICY


IF YOU ARE LOCATED IN ONE OF THE FOLLOWING COUNTRIES, CERTAIN COUNTRY-SPECIFIC TERMS APPLY.


Americas: Argentina


Asia: Korea


Eurasia: Russia, Turkey


Middle East: Bahrain, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, the United Arab Emirates


This privacy policy (“Policy”) describes the personal data collected or generated (processed) when you use Nike’s websites (the “Sites”), for example Nike.com and Nikeplus.nike.com, and Nike’s mobile applications (our “Apps”). This Policy describes the types of personal data collected when you use our Sites and Apps and how your personal data is used, shared and protected. It also explains the choices you have relating to your personal data and how you can contact us. If you are located in Bahrain, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Qatar, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey or the United Arab Emirates, refer to the Country-Specific Terms.


WHO is Responsible for the Processing of Your Personal Data?


The Nike entity responsible for the processing of your personal data will depend on how you interact with our Sites and Apps and where you are located in the world.


The relevant Nike affiliate(s) and Nike, Inc. are referred to as "Nike" or "we". Please review our List of Local Entities for the name of the Nike entity responsible and appropriate contact information.


WHAT Personal Data We Collect and WHEN


We ask you for certain personal data to provide you with the products or services you request. For example, when you make purchases, contact our consumer services, request to receive communications, create an account, participate in our events or contests, or interact with our Sites or use our Apps. This personal data includes your:

  * Contact details including name, email, telephone number and shipping, billing address
  * Login and account information, including screen name, password and unique user ID
  * Personal details including gender, hometown, date of birth and purchase history
  * Payment or credit card information
  * Images, photos and videos
  * Data on physical characteristics, including weight, height, and body measurements (such as estimated stride and shoe/foot measurements or bra size)
  * Fitness activity data provided by you or generated through our Sites or Apps (time, duration, distance, location, calorie count, FuelPoints, pace/stride)
  * Personal preferences including your wish list as well as marketing and cookie preferences

We use additional personal data in order to enable particular features within our Sites and Apps or services. For example, we request access to your phone’s geolocation data in order to log your run route, your contacts to allow you to interact with your friends, your calendar to schedule a training plan or your social network credentials in order to post content from an App to a social network. This personal data includes your:

  * Movement data from your device’s accelerometer
  * Photos, contacts and calendar information
  * Sensor data, including heart rate and (GPS) location data
  * Social network information, including credentials and any information from your public posts about Nike or your communications with us

When interacting with our Sites and Apps, data is automatically collected and shared with Nike by the technology platforms providing the experience. For example, your web browser or mobile device may share certain data with Nike as those devices interact with Nike’s Sites or Apps. More information about these practices is included in the Cookies and Pixel Tags section below. This data includes:

  * Device IDs, call state, network access, storage information and battery information
  * Cookies, IP addresses, referrer headers, data identifying your web browser and version, and web beacons and tags

Tools to Manage What We Collect


When using our Apps, we also inform you about our collection and use through standard permissions in app stores, mobile operating systems, and in the App experience. We also prompt you for your consent where necessary.


In many cases, your web browser or mobile device platform will provide additional tools to allow you to control when your device collects or shares particular categories of information. For example, your mobile device or web browser may offer tools to allow you to manage cookie usage or location sharing. We encourage you to familiarize yourself with and use the tools available on your devices.


WHY and HOW We Use (Process) Your Personal Data


We use the personal data we collect from you in the following ways:


To Provide the Features of the Sites, Apps, and Services You Request


When you use our Sites and Apps, we will use your data to provide the product or service you have selected. For example, if you make a purchase on Nike.com, or participate in an event or promotion, we will use the contact information you give us to communicate with you about the purchase, event or promotion. If you reach out to our consumer services, we will use information about you, such as delivery or payment information, or the product you have purchased to help you resolve a problem or question.


If you use our Apps to track your fitness activity or physical characteristics, we will collect this data and store it so that you can review it in the App. Your fitness activity data may include data you enter about your activity as well as data collected by your device during the course of your activity such as location data and movement data. We may use this activity data to calculate further information about your activity, such as distance run, or calories burned, so that the calculated information can be provided to you as part of the functionality of the App.


In many cases, to use particular features within our Sites, Apps, and services you may need to provide Nike with additional data or additional consent to use particular data in a certain way. For example, to use the heart rate tracking features of our Apps, you may need to connect a heart rate monitoring device to the experience; to share content on social media, you may be required to provide your social media account credentials.


To Communicate Information about our Products, Services, Events and for Other Promotional Purposes


To modify your (email or SMS) subscriptions or to opt-out of receiving Nike communication, please modify your preferences in the "view or change my profile" section of our Sites. You can also contact us to exercise your rights related to your personal data via the contact details in the “Question and Feedback” section below or by sending an email to privacy@nike.com.


If you are an existing customer of Nike (for example, if you have placed an order with us), we may use the email address provided to send you marketing communications about similar Nike products or services, unless you have opted-out. In other cases, we ask for your consent to send you marketing information about Nike’s products, services, events and promotions. We may use the information that you provide to us as well as information from other Nike products or services - such as your use of Nike’s Sites and Apps, your visits to or purchases made in Nike stores, your participation in Nike events and contests (possibly through other Nike affiliates) - to personalize communications on products and services that may be interesting for you. Where legally required, we will also seek your consent for sending marketing communications.


To Operate, Improve and Maintain our Business, Products and Services


We may use the data you provide to us to operate our business. For example, when you make a purchase, we may use that information for accounting, auditing and other internal functions. As another example, we may use data about how you use our products and services to enhance your user experience and to help us diagnose technical and service problems and administer our Sites and Apps.


To Protect Our or Others' Rights, Property or Safety


We may also use data about how you use our Sites and Apps to prevent or detect fraud, abuse, illegal uses and violations of our Terms of Use and to comply with court orders, governmental request or applicable law.


For General Research and Analysis Purposes


We use data about how our visitors use our Sites, Apps and Services to understand customer behavior or preferences. For example, we may use information about how visitors to Nike.com search for and find products to better understand the best ways to organize and present product offerings in our storefront.


Use (Processing) of Workout Info


As discussed above, Nike collects data about your fitness activity or your physical characteristics (together, Workout Info) in order to provide our Apps and other services. Because of the personal nature of this data, we strive to provide you with clear information about how Workout Info will be used. As this data may be considered sensitive in certain jurisdictions, we take appropriate measures in protecting and using this data and, where required by applicable law or under Nike’s internal policies, will obtain your consent for use of your Workout Info. Click here Link to FAQ on Workout Info to learn more.


Other Purposes


We may also use your personal data in other ways and will provide specific notice at the time of collection and obtain your consent where necessary.


SHARING of Your Personal Data


Nike’s Sharing


Nike shares your personal data with:

  * Nike affiliates for the purposes and under the conditions outlined above
  * Third party service providers processing personal data on Nike’s behalf, for example to process credit cards and payments, shipping and deliveries, manage and service our data, distribute emails, research and analysis, manage brand and product promotions as well as administering certain services and features.
  * Other third parties to the extent necessary to: (i) comply with a government request, a court order or applicable law; (ii) prevent illegal uses of our Sites and Apps or violations of our Sites’ and the Apps’ Terms of Use and our policies; (iii) defend ourselves against third party claims; and (iv) assist in fraud prevention or investigation (e.g., counterfeiting)

We may also transfer personal data we have about you in the event we sell or transfer all or a portion of our business or assets (including in the event of a reorganization, spin-off, dissolution or liquidation). If you are located in Korea, refer to the Country Specific Terms.


Your Sharing


When you use certain social features on our Sites or Apps, you can create a public profile that may include information such as your screen name, profile picture and hometown. You can also share content with your friends or the public, including information about your Nike activity. We encourage you to use the tools we provide for managing Nike’s social sharing to control what information you make available through Nike’s social features.


PROTECTION and MANAGEMENT of your Personal Data

  * Encryption & Security: We use a variety of technical and organizational security measures, including encryption and authentication tools, to maintain the safety of your personal data. Your personal data is contained behind secured networks and is only accessible by a limited number of persons who have special access rights to these systems.

International data transfers: The personal data we collect or generate (process) in the context of our Sites and Apps will be stored in the USA. Some of the data recipients with whom Nike shares your personal data may be located in countries other than the country in which your personal data originally was collected. The laws in those countries may not provide the same level of data protection compared to the country in which you initially provided your data. Nevertheless, when we transfer your personal data to recipients in other countries, including the USA, we will protect that personal data as described in this Policy and in compliance with applicable law.


If you are located in the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or Switzerland, we take measures to comply with applicable legal requirements and ensure adequate protection for the transfer of personal data to recipients in countries outside of the EEA or Switzerland. If you are located in Russia, refer to Country-Specific Terms.

  * Retention of your data: We retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfil the purposes for which we collect it, except if required otherwise by law. If you are located in Korea, refer to Country-Specific Terms.
  * Your rights related to your personal data: You have the right to request: (i) access to your personal data; (ii) correction of your personal data if it is incomplete or inaccurate; or (iii) deletion of your personal data. You also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data on compelling legitimate grounds relating to your particular situation. Where we have obtained your consent for the processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data, including opting-out from the use for direct marketing purposes. If you are located in Argentina or Korea, refer to Country-Specific Terms.

COOKIES and Pixel Tags


Nike receives and records information, which may include personal data, from your browser when you use our Sites. We use a variety of methods, such as cookies and pixel tags to collect this information, which may include your (i) IP-address; (ii) unique cookie identifier, cookie information and information on whether your device has software to access certain features; (iii) unique device identifier and device type; (iv) domain, browser type and language, (v) operating system and system settings; (vi) country and time zone; (vii) previously visited websites; (viii) information about your interaction with our Sites such as click behavior, purchases and indicated preferences; and (ix) access times and referring URLs.


Third parties may also collect information via Sites through cookies, third party plug-ins and widgets. These third parties collect data directly from your web browser and the processing of this data is subject to their own privacy policies.


We use cookies and pixel tags to track our customers’ usage of the Sites and to understand our customers’ preferences (such as country and language choices). This enables us to provide services to our customers and improve their online experience. We also use cookies and pixel tags to obtain aggregate data about site traffic and site interaction, to identify trends and obtain statistics so that we can improve our Sites. There are generally three categories of cookies used on our Sites:

      + Functional: These cookies are required for basic site functionality and are therefore always enabled. These include cookies that allow you to be remembered as you explore our Sites within a single session or, if you request, from session to session. They help make the shopping cart and checkout process possible as well as assist in security issues and conforming to regulations.
  * Performance: These cookies allow us to improve our Sites’ functionality by tracking usage. In some cases, these cookies improve the speed with which we can process your request and allow us to remember site preferences you have selected. Refusing these cookies may result in poorly-tailored recommendations and slow site performance.
      + Social media and Advertising: Social media cookies offer the possibility to connect you to your social networks and share content from our Sites through social media. Advertising cookies (of third parties) collect information to help better tailor advertising to your interests, both within and beyond our Sites. In some cases, these cookies involve the processing of your personal data. Refusing these cookies may result in seeing advertising that is not as relevant to you or you not being able to link effectively with Facebook, Twitter, or other social networks and/or not allowing you to share content on social media.

For a comprehensive and up-to-date summary of every third-party accessing your web browser (through Nike Sites or otherwise), we recommend installing a web browser plugin built for this purpose. You can also choose to have your computer warn you each time a cookie is being sent, or you can choose to turn off all cookies. You do this through your browser settings on each browser and device that you use. Each browser is a little different, so look at your browser Help menu to learn the correct way to modify your cookies. If you turn cookies off, you may not have access to many features that make our Sites and Apps more efficient and some of our services will not function properly.


USING Nike Sites and Apps with Third-Party Products and Services


Our Sites and Apps allow you to interact with a wide variety of other digital products and services. For example, our Sites and Apps can integrate with third-party devices for activity tracking, social networks, music streaming services and other digital services.


If you choose to connect your Nike account with a third-party device or account, your privacy rights on third-party platforms will be governed by their respective policies. For example, if you choose to share your Nike activity on third-party social media platforms, the policies of those platforms govern the data that resides there.


Our Sites and Apps may provide links to other (third-party) websites and apps for your convenience or information. Linked sites and apps have their own privacy notices or policies, which we strongly encourage you to review. To the extent any linked websites or apps are not owned or controlled by us, we are not responsible for their content, any use of the websites or apps, or the privacy practices of the websites or apps.


CHANGES to our Privacy Policy


Applicable law and our practices change over time. If we decide to update our Policy, we will post the changes on our Sites and Apps. If we materially change the way in which we process personal data, we will provide you with prior notice, or where legally required, request your consent prior to implementing such changes. We strongly encourage you to read our Policy and keep yourself informed of our practices. This Policy was last modified in January 2018.


QUESTIONS and Feedback


We welcome questions, comments, and concerns about our Policy and privacy practices.


If you wish to provide feedback or if you have questions or concerns, or wish to exercise your rights related to your personal data, please contact Consumer Services or our Privacy Office at:

  * Europe: Privacy Office, Nike Retail B.V., Colosseum 1, 1213NL The Netherlands
  * Asia/Pacific: Privacy Office, 30 Pasir Panjang Road, Mapletree Business City #10-31/32, Singapore 117440
  * Americas: Privacy Office, 1 One Bowerman Dr, Beaverton, OR 97005, USA

You may also send us an email at privacy@nike.com or click here.


If you contact us with a privacy complaint it will be assessed with the aim of resolving the issue in a timely and effective manner.


COUNTRY-SPECIFIC TERMS


If you are located in Bahrain, Kuwait, Lebanon, Oman, Qatar, Russia, Saudi Arabia, Turkey or the United Arab Emirates, the following applies and supersedes any conflicting terms set forth in this Privacy Policy:


“By entering our Sites and/or Apps and submitting your personal data on the Sites and Apps, you give your consent freely, by your will and in your interest, for your personal data to be used, processed and transferred as described in this Privacy Policy.”


If you are located in one of the countries below, the additional terms for such country will apply and supersede any conflicting terms set forth in this Privacy Policy.


ARGENTINA


The sub-section titled “Your rights related to your personal data” under the section titled “PROTECTION AND MANAGEMENT OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA” is hereby modified by adding the following at the end of the first paragraph:


“Personal data holders have the right to freely access such data within intervals of no less than six months, unless a legitimate interest is proven pursuant to Section 14, clause 3, Act 25.326. The National Data Protection Agency is the enforcing authority of Act 25.326, and has the power to attend to reports and claims regarding non-fulfilment of data protection provisions. The personal data owner shall be entitled to request the withdrawal of its name from the database.”


KOREA


In the sub-section titled “NIKE’S SHARING” under “SHARING OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA”, the following paragraph is added at the end of the sub-section:


“Our affiliates and third-party service providers who process personal data on our behalf for our Korea Sites are:

                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Entity                                  Service provided                                                        Information provided                                                                   
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Lotte.com                               Customer service                                                        Member info, Order info                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Lotte.com                               System development & maintenance                                        Member info, Order info                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Lotte.com                               Product delivery                                                        Delivery info                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Seoul Credit Rating & Information Inc.  Real name confirmation, & identification verification                   Member info                                                                            
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Nike Inc                                Server maintenance & Database back-up, Customer data saving management  Member info, Order info, Delivery info                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
㈜Emotion                                Marketing                                                               Member info, Order info, Delivery info                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
㈜Eco Marketing                          Marketing                                                               Member info, Order info, Delivery info                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Hyosung ITX                             Customer service                                                        Member info, Order info, Delivery info                                                 
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Lotte Logistics                         Product delivery                                                        Delivery info                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
GF                                      Product delivery                                                        Delivery info                                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Neosystems                              System development & maintenance                                        Order info, Delivery info                                                              
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Value Factory                           System development & maintenance                                        Member info, Order info                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
KSNET                                   Credit card, deposit, real-time account transfer                        Name of person who ordered, email, refund deposit account, deposit owner name & account
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Mobilians                               Mobile payment                                                          IP Address                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Korea Gallup                            On/Off-line focus group, survey                                         Member info, Order info                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Ibank                                   Verification of display info input & order info                         Member info, Order info                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
TheCreamUnion                           Gift delivery and CS for events                                         Member info, Delivery info                                                             
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
Nike Stores                             Support of stock reservation service                                    Member info, Reservation info                                                          
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
BizTalk                                 Sending SNS messages(e.g. Kakao)                                        Member info, Order info                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                       
                                                                                                                                                                                                       

The following paragraph is added to the sub-section titled “Retention of your Data” under the section titled “PROTECTION AND MANAGEMENT OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA”:


“Specifically, this includes: (i) records on access and use of the Sites and Apps – 3 months; (ii) records of contracts, payments and provision of goods – 5 years; and (iii) records of customer complaints and disputes – 3 years. We will ensure that any other party that is processing your personal data on our behalf complies with the same retention periods.”


The following bullet point paragraph is added after “Retention of your Data” under the section titled “PROTECTION AND MANAGEMENT OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA”:

  * “Destruction of your data: We will destroy your personal data without delay once we no longer need to retain it. If printed on paper, the personal data will be shredded or incinerated. If saved in electronic form, the personal data will be destroyed using irreversible technical means.”

The sub-section titled “Your rights related to your personal data” under the section titled “PROTECTION AND MANAGEMENT OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA” is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following:

  * “Your rights related to your personal data: You have the right to: (i) access your personal data; (ii) correct your personal data in case it is incomplete or inaccurate; or (iii) delete your personal data, at any time. You also have the right to request suspension of personal information processing, subject to relevant law. Where we have obtained your consent for the processing of your personal data, you have the right to withdraw your consent at any time. You also have the right to object to the processing of your personal data, including opting-out from the use for direct marketing purposes.”

RUSSIA


The sub-section titled “International data transfers” under the section titled “PROTECTION AND MANAGEMENT OF YOUR PERSONAL DATA” is hereby deleted and replaced in its entirety with the following:

  * “International data transfers: The personal data we collect or generate (process) in the context of our Sites and Apps will be stored in the Russian Federation and a copy of them can be cross-border transferred to the USA or any other country.”